Add support for Vault as a secrets backend (#904)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

BREAKING CHANGES:
* Control Plane
  * Update minimum go version for project to 1.17 [[GH-878](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/878)]
  * Add boolean metric to merged metrics response `consul_merged_service_metrics_success` to indicate if service metrics
    were scraped successfully. [[GH-551](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/551)]

IMPROVEMENTS:
* Vault as a Secrets Backend
  * Add support for Vault as a secrets backend for Gossip Encryption, Server TLS certs and Service Mesh TLS certificates,
    removing the existing usage of Kubernetes Secrets for the respective secrets. [[GH-904](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/904/)]

>   * Consul 1.11+ is required.
>   * Vault 1.19+ is required and Vault-K8s 0.14+ must be installed with the Vault Agent Injector (`injector.enabled=true`)
>     and must be configured to talk to the Vault server installation from the Kubernetes cluster that Consul is installed.
>   * `global.tls.enableAutoEncryption=true` is required for TLS support.
>   * If TLS is enabled in Vault `global.secretsBackend.vault.ca` must be provided and should reference a Kube secret
>     which holds a copy of the Vault CA cert.
> 
> To enable the Vault Secrets backend for the Consul cluster use the following config:
> 
> ```yaml
> global:
>   image: hashicorp/consul:1.11.0
> 
>   # Gossip Encryption. 
>   gossipEncryption:
>     secretName="consul/data/secrets/gossip"
>     secretKey="key"
> 
>   tls:
>     enabled: true
>     enableAutoEncryption: true
>     
>     # Server CA certificate.
>     caCert:
>       secretName: "pki/cert/ca"
> 
>   # Vault configuration.
>   secretsBackend:
>     vault:
>       enabled: true
>       
>       # Vault Auth Roles.
>       consulServerRole: "consul-server"
>       consulClientRole: "consul-client"
>       consulCARole: "consul-ca"
> 
>       # If Vault TLS is enabled.
>       ca:
>         secretName: "vault-CA-cert"
>         secretKey: "tls.crt"
>      
>       # Connect CA configuration.
>       connectCA:
>         address: 		"https://vault:8200"
>         rootPKIPath: 		"connect_root"
>         intermediatePKIPath: 	"connect_inter"
> 
> # Server TLS Certificates.
> server:
>   serverCert:
>     secretName: "pki/issue/consul-server"
>   extraVolumes:
>   - name: "vault-CA-cert"
>     type: "secret"
>     load: false
> ```
> Note: See `values.yaml` and [Consul - Vault documentation](https://www.consul.io/docs/k8s/installation/vault/index.mdx)
> for additional information on required Vault policies and configurations.
> 
> * CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FEATURES:
* Vault as a Secrets Backend: Add support for Vault as a secrets backend for Gossip Encryption, Server TLS certs and Service Mesh TLS certificates,
    removing the existing usage of Kubernetes Secrets for the respective secrets. [[GH-904](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/904/)]

  See the [Consul Kubernetes and Vault documentation](https://www.consul.io/docs/k8s/installation/vault)
  for full install instructions.
  
  Requirements: 
  * Consul 1.11+
  * Vault 1.19+ and Vault-K8s 0.14+ must be installed with the Vault Agent Injector enabled (`injector.enabled=true`)
    into the Kubernetes cluster that Consul is installed into.
  * `global.tls.enableAutoEncryption=true` is required for TLS support.
  * If TLS is enabled in Vault, `global.secretsBackend.vault.ca` must be provided and should reference a Kube secret
    which holds a copy of the Vault CA cert.

IMPROVEMENTS:
```
